APPLICATION:
    name: EZFulfill
    specs:  []  Modular
            []  Embedded
            []  Platform Dependent
            []  Scalable


TERMS:
    ON - Order Number: contains all the items for 1 order
    SKU - Stock Keeping Unit
    TkC - Tracking company
    TkN - Tracking Number
    TkU - Tracking URL

    Brick and Mortar - store has physical location (all examples)
    3PL - 3rd party logistics (3rd party fulfillment software in this case)

    customer - A person, business, or entity with a history of orders > 0
    embedded application - app is a part of the shopify admin

    shopify embedded app sdk - software that allows you to access the application
    within the shopify admin as part of your store.

    Microservices - When making applications, allow them to be as modular as possible
        Design pattersn

PROBLEM:
    Have many orders with many ON's, SKU's, TkC's, TkN's, and TkU's. We want to
    take in a CSV file with provided info:
                                            - Order Number
                                            - Item Qty
    And fulfill those orders by {Item Qty?}

    Questions:

        Scalability:
        
            How do you do most of your business? Platforms? Web ONLY?

            Do you plan on opening other types of stores and integrating
            this software with them?

            How many orders do you usually have weekly?

            How many products do you have? How do you inventory/sort the products?
                -GET CSV example of how they import products to shopify
    
            How many customers do you have weekly?

            How many orders do you fulifill weekly?

            Is this app's construction a response to growing needs?
            If so how can we allow it to scale with your business?

            Will it always run on the same platform? 

            How modular is this application? Will it be extended as a part of another application later? If so perhaps this is a Microservices
            project.

        Logistics:

            What are the deadlines for this apps production, testable, and design phase?


            Is this app private? public? embedded? or separate entity?
                -Advantages of embedded app sdk:
                    >solves many scalibility issues
                    >makes application easy and intuitive to use
                    >integrates authorization for easy installation and permissions handling
            
            If this application is private and non-embedded what platform does it run on? 

            What additional functionality do you want? Describe the functionality
            you want in detail.

            Do you want to be able to read in only csv file or other column/row based document types?

            In your csv file are there just two fields? Order Number and Quantity? Or are there more? How can we simplify the design with input parameters?

            Define the scopes/permissions for the app (Do we need to be able to 
            read orders / write orders only? What other information inside of the store will we need access to?)


        Compensation:
            What compensation do you offer for this app? Monitary? Equity? Do you want to pay a monthly fee(3PL service)? 
            Do you want to own this application? (Discuss IP rights and transfer)

            How do you want to pay us for developing this application? (I assume work for hire.)



SOLUTION:
    >Language Python 3
        - Framework: Django
        - Engine/Generators: https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_django_app





